.\" Manpage for 106bombyx.
.\" Contact poulet_a@epitech.eu and broggi_t@epitech.eu in to correct errors or typos.
.TH 106BOMBYX "1" "Mars 2014" "1.0" "106bombyx man page"
.SH NAME
.PP
106bombyx \- Print a graph

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB./106bombyx\fR <[\fPPARAMS\fR]>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
If there is one only argument, the programm will execute the first function. Else if there are 2 arguments, it will execute the 2sd. If launched, it will be runned in interactive mode. k is the rate of growth.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Display this help and exit
.TP
\fBk\fR
Print a graph of the 100 firsts generations of butterflies, with the k parameter.
.TP
\fBimin imax\fR
Print a syntetic graph of the generation between Imin and Imax with 1 < k < 4, k is incremented by 0.01

.SH INTERACTIVE MODE
.PP
The availables arguments in interactive mode are the following :
.TP
\fBaxe\fR
Display the axes
.TP
\fBclear\fR
Clear the window
.TP
\fBexit\fR
Quit the program
.TP
\fBimin\fR
Change the value of imin
.TP
\fBimax\fR
Change the value of imax. Minimum value for imax is 1
.TP
\fBk\fR
Change the value of k
.TP
\fBno-axe\fR
Hide the axes
.TP
\fBreset\fR
Clear the window

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fB./106bombyx 2.9\fR
Print a graph of the 100 firsts generations of butterflies, with 2.9 as rate of growth
.TP
\fB./106bombyx 10000 10010\fR
Print a graph of generations between 10000 and 10010, with 1 < k < 4, incremented by 0.01
.TP
\fB./106bombyx\fR
Run the interactive mode ;)
.SH SEE ALSO
No related manpage.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
No known bugs.
.br
Report ./106bombyx bugs to arthur.poulet@epitech.eu and thibaut.broggi@epitech.eu

.SH AUTHOR
poulet_a, broggi_t

